Oh
it's about everything uh suicide
where's our hope go lost hope that's
last hope Columbia Pictures invites you
to return to the weekend that started it
all remember the music and the moments
the ground is ready just think someone
who plans to see ya going to be their
lucky farmer you want me to what
the friendship and the romance Alex and
I made love the night before he died it
was fantastic the laughter and the tears
I feel like I was at my best when I was
with you about me getting with new
people the best thing ever happened to
me I mean how much sex fun friendships
and one man take 15 years ago the Big
Chill helped launch the careers of some
of today's biggest stars
[Music]
[Applause]
and became one of the most memorable
films of the decade hallucinating pretty
bad that night how many drugs now on
November 6th the Big Chill is back on
the big screen really on a digitally
remastered print and in stereo for the
first time Tom Berenger Glenn Close Jeff
Goldblum William Hurt Kevin Kline Mary
Kay place meg tilly
and pure Beth Williams now you've never
get a crowd this big at my funeral Oh
Karen come on I'll bring a date in a
cold world why is that folks we're all
alone out there you still need your
friends to keep you warm people think
about think we don't have that problem
here you know I don't like you The Big
Chill a lawrence kasdan film in theaters
November 6
[Music]